this is probably the hardest thing I've
ever had to do for a video but since a
lot of you have been reaching out with
the supportive emails and messages I
feel the need to clarify my situation in
regards to being able to go back home to
Egypt if you've been following the past
six episodes of our Egypt adventures
then you've probably heard at some point
that this was my last visit to Egypt
until I turned thirty years old
I'm currently 23 so that means that I
won't be able to go back for seven years
it's an extremely complicated situation
but I'm going to do my best to explain
it very briefly all right so if you are
male in Egypt and you have a brother
like I do then it's mandatory for you to
sign yourself up for military draft and
you have to continue doing so until you
turn 30 years old and there are four
possible outcomes to this one you get
deemed medically unfit and you get a
pass from serving in the military - you
get drafted as a soldier and you end up
serving for a year three you get drafted
as an officer like my dad and you end up
serving for three years for be put on
standby and not be allowed to travel for
as long as your standby lasts and that
just puts me in a huge limbo I can't
travel outside of Egypt until I serve in
the military but there's absolutely no
guarantee that I even get to serve so I
might end up just being on standby until
I turned 30 years old and not be allowed
to travel just because I always on
standby I have been away from home for
the past eight years of my life doing
everything I possibly can to become the
leader who can return to Egypt one day
and push the country forward the 2011
Egyptian revolution might have miserably
failed politically but it certainly did
not fail spiritually at least for me I
have big dreams and I am currently in
the process of making it all come true
and as much as I would love to serve my
country I truly believe that in the long
run this is the best way of doing it a
lot of people watching will probably
disagree with my decision but at the end
of the day it's my decision
and I'm paying the price for it every
single day not knowing when or where
I'll be able to see my family next we
were able to capture a lot of intimate
and overwhelmingly emotional moments on
this trip that were currently in the
process of putting it all in a short
film that tells this story in more
detail and just gives a lot more context
and will definitely keep you updated on
that through our newsletter so the
madman behind the camera right now
TV decided to take it upon himself to
literally go through every piece of
footage that we captured in Egypt which
is hours and hours and hours basically
pick some of the most emotional and
intimate moments and put it together
over one of my favorite songs of all
time this is probably just the best gift
I have ever received in my entire life
and just before we got that part of the
video rolling I just want to tell Matt
Thomas TV there and Perry that without
their support and without their just
unconditional love throughout this
extremely emotionally draining period
I'm just so grateful for the Brotherhood
that we share and I love you guys and
may our bond be unbreakable all right
let's roll this
[Music]
I love Babu I can solve hard to love my
mother by the way that I do know you oh
holy moly me my healthy apple of my god
I've never loved one like you no matter
my best friend ice cream a hot and heavy
pumpkin pie chocolate candy Jesus Christ
and nothing please me more than you let
me come
[Music]
our Father heaven to the park through
the jungle through the dog
god I never loved one like you though
some boots are wonderful tiny ways and
people calls a beautiful we laugh until
we think we'll die ever on a summer day
nothing new is sweeter than with you
there the street me run a free like it's
only you and me Jesus here's something
to see
[Music]
with you
you